Proposed minutes from Friday, hey everyone who went to the Friday-meeting, read through this draft of minutes and i'll post them in the event after possible editing of things i got wrong.

Minutes taken at the Backup-cleaning and LNT Seminar #4, Friday the 14th of July, 2017.
==================

This was a smaller meeting since we could not get so many participants. The next meeting will hopefully be more representative. This means that the decisions of this meeting need a firmer anchoring within the community, this will be one item on the next meeting to discuss the decisions of this meeting.

1. List of people present and appointment of secretary.

Marcus Bj√§rhov, Sumbu Chantraine Temo, Johnny Panrike (secretary), Carl-Johan Sveningsson, Samuel Engwall, Hakim Achri, Mathias Lannes.

2. Inventory of events represented.

Soul Soup, Breathwork, Philosophy, Exploring Intimacy.

3. Inventory of various experiences both positive and negative of event-related LNT activities with comparison of possible outcomes from the experiences. Inparticular: when things break during LNT-activities.

a) Closed door to the cleaning facilities storage prevented proper cleaning from happening at one event. Question to the community: is all information given to workshop leaders of where the cock-key is and how to handle it? Could the door to the cleaning facilities storage be open in the future or does it need to be locked? What is the attitude of the community towards this question?

b) When things break during LNT-activities. We had a discussion of what to do when things break during cleaning. We arrived at the following practice:

i) The workshop leader tells everyone to please tell if a thing breaks during the LNT-activities. 
ii) An event participant sees that something breaks and tells the workshop leader.
iii) The leader then puts this on a special list with broken thing, called the Oops-list.

The three following supporting decisions were made: 

* Carl-Johan creates the Oops-list that is supposed to be filled out by workshop leaders. 
* Hakim will keep a close eye on the list and invite Fanny (who has a similar task since earlier) to process it and also include Joannis in this context.
* Marcus och Carl-Johan takes Won's et. al. earlier docx-document and there will be a link to the new document in the group "Noden - Workshop Forum". The decision concerning the practice of what to do when something breaks is added to the content of that document.

4. Other experiences and observations of traces/garbage/MOOP left at the Node.

Kitchen is not fresh. Food leftovers are not taken care of. Cleaning the kitchen tends to be no one's responsibility. Possibly the Mission Cards could help with this. One way to combat kitchen dirtyness is that the workshop leader can include extra activities apart from the regular cleaning, the mission cards can be a support with this. (Se the item below on Cleaning Cards.)

The recycling is a much more deeper problem, this meeting decided to defer the question of the recycling situation to future meetings when more people are present.

5. Follow-up of instrument creation: the "Mission Cards".

During LNT-meeting #3 we decided to not have a list of extras but rather have a bunch of "Mission Cards" with extra tasks on. These were created directly after the meeting and hence this text documents the outcome and the decision:

Two boxes were created, one with unfinished missions in and one with finished missions in. Whenever anyone sees a need at The Node he/she places a corresponding Mission Card that describes this need in the box for unfinished missions. Then as a workshop leader inititiated the ordinary LNT-activities he/she also makes a judgment of which extra Mission Cards to add to the usual Cleaning Cards. Then all tasks are carried out but the participants of the event/workshop. Afterwards the completed missions' Mission Cards are placed in the box for completed missions. In this way a cohort of workshop participants may end up cleaning for example the kitchen even though the workshop did not involve the kitchen. The stock of Mission Cards that were created that exists now expresses a lot of love for the kitchen. The Mission Cards are to be placed beside the Cleaning Cards so that all instruments for regulating LNT/cleaning activities are at one place. Instructions about the Mission Cards need to be added to the Workshop Leader Responsiblities list.

6. The role and function of these meetings. 

These meetings are used to provide a forum where issues regarding LNT and cleaning can be brought up and handled in a more systematic way. It also needs to be added to the Workshop Leader Responsiblities list that they need to report issues to these meetings so that the issues can be handled in a systematic way.

7. Next meeting. 

We decided on 19th of August. I proposition also came up to make the 19th of August into a big day for several reasons:

a) We can have the regular Backup-cleaning and LNT Seminar on this day and with many people, proper backup-cleaning can be done.
b) We can also gather a larger part of the community to have discussions of other issues, like a mini-Nodting. Carl-Johan Sveningsson has an idea of a document-handling system which he wishes to present. Other issues can also come up of course.
c) We could try to have some sort of kick-off for the fall, many workshops have a summer intermission but it could be nice to have a kick-off and get together.
d) We could have a tremendously good dinner and perhaps a party afterwards? Dancing? (With cleaning afterwards of course :-) )
